<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-
open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="c_intro">
  <title>Introduction to the Blockquote Element</title>
  <shortdesc>Blockquote is a block-level text styling element for writing in
  HTML.</shortdesc>
<prolog>
<author type="creator">Haiyen Le</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2015"/>
      <copyrholder>WRIT 4662W</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
</prolog>

<conbody>
  <p>&lt;Blockquote&gt; is an element used to denote when a segment of text is a
  quotation, by starting the blockquoted text on a new line with styling that
  distinguishes the quoted text from normal text. In conventional writing, a
  block quotation is a longer excerpt or quotation (usually more than 4 lines) of
  text cited from an outside source.</p>
  <p>Using the block quotation can be beneficial to one's own writing. A
  quotation can be used as the basis for a writing argument or analysis. When
  cited properly, blockquotes are seen as credible pieces of evidence.
  <p>Pull quotes are another writing element that can be recreated in HTML for
  web writing. There is no element specifically for pull quotes, so the
  blockquote element is used to style them. A pull quote is an excerpt that is
  lifted from the writing's own text. <p>
  <p>The benefits of pull quotes are that they emphasize key lines from the text
  that can attract readers to the writing quickly. They can also highlight main
  messages or topics from the text.</p>
  <p>Blockquotes can be a visual element as well. With the use of Cascading
  Style Sheets or CSS, the appearance of blockquotes can be modified from its
  default look as an indentation in the text.</p>
</conbody>
