<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/
dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="t_livecode">
  <title>Preview code with a live text editor</title>
  <shortdesc>
    To streamline the process of checking the output of smaller segments of code,
    an online text editor for HTML and CSS that automatically generates the
    visual output.
  </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Haiyen Le</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2015"/>
      <copyrholder>WRIT 4662W</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
  </prolog>

  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>A stable internet connection is needed to use a live text editor.
      </p>
      <p>The user should also have some CSS code for blockquote ready to copy
      and paste, which can bemade by themselves, copied from another source,
      or a combination of both.
      </p>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>In your web browser, go to the address codepen.io.
        <info>There are other online text editors that may work similarly. For
        this task, CodePen is used for simplicity.
        </info>
      </step>
      <step>Either log in with an existing account, or create an account and
      fill out the necessary fields.
      </step>
      <step>Create a new Pen, which will direct you to the the live editor.
      </step>
      <step>In the HTML field, create an instance of blockquote. This can be done
      either by copying from an HTML document or simply typing placeholder text
      surrounded by the blockquote tags
      </step>
      <step>In the CSS field, paste in the code you wish you to preview.
      </step>
      <step>Inspect the preview window to check output of code.
      </step>
      <step>Make edits to code with the CSS field if neessary.
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
