<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/
dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="t_quoteline">
  <title>How to create large quotation marks in CSS</title>
  <shortdesc>
    A modern form of blockquote styling is to indent the quoted text with a
    vertical line used as a border on the left. This indicates a quotation
    without too much decoration, making it ideal for professional documents.
  </shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Haiyen Le</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2015"/>
      <copyrholder>WRIT 4662W</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
  </prolog>

  <taskbody>
    <steps>
      <step>Open the CSS file that is linked to your HTML file in the text
      editor of your choosing.
      </step>
      <step>In the style sheet, add this code to a new line:
        <codeblock>
          blockquote {
          font: 14px/22px normal helvetica, sans-serif;
          margin-top: 10px;
          margin-bottom: 10px;
          margin-left: 40px;
          padding-left: 15px;
          border-left: 3px solid #ccc;
          }
        </codeblock>
      </step>
      <step>Save the CSS file.
      </step>
      <step>To preview the styled text in your document, open the HTML file in
      a web browser.
      </step>
      <step>Due to other CSS styling that may be in effect, check that the
      previewed blockquote output:
        <ul>
          <li>Appears distinctively from the body text.</li>
          <li>Is readable against the background./li<
          <li>Displays a solid vertical line to the left of the quoted text.</li>
          <li>Does not show any visible overlap of components.</li>
        </step>
        <step>If the output does not look meet those guidelines or the apearance
          is not to your satisfication:
          <substeps>
            <substep>Edit values within the blockquote selector of the
            CSS file.
            <info>It is reccommended that you limit edits to one or two values at
            a time so that the changes are easier to manage.
            </substep>
          <substep>Save the CSS file.
          </substep>
          <substep>Preview the HTML document again.
          </substep>
          <substep>Repeat these steps if necessary.
          </substep>
        <substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>The HTML output will display blockquotes in the document with a line
      border according to CSS.</p>
    </result>
    </taskbody>
