<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task id="t_quotemarks">
  <title>How to create large quotation marks in CSS</title>
  <shortdesc>
    Quotation marks are a familiar punctuation symbol. Surrounding a blockquote
    with oversized quotation marks created with CSS makes it more recognizable
    by users as a quotation, even with just scanning the text.
  </shortdesc>

  <prolog>
    <author type="creator">Haiyen Le</author>
    <copyright>
      <copyryear year="2015"/>
      <copyrholder>WRIT 4662W</copyrholder>
    </copyright>
  </prolog>

  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>Ensure that you have a working HTML document with a properly linked CSS
      file. The HTML document should have the blockquote element in use at
      least once.</p>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>Open the CSS file that is linked to your HTML file in the text
      editor program of your choosing.
      </step>
      <step>In the style sheet, add this code on a new line:
        <codeblock>
        blockquote:before {
        color: #ccc;
        content: open-quote;
        font-size: 4em;
        line-height: 0.1em;
        margin-right: 0.20em;
        vertical-align: -0.4em;
        font-family: Arial;
        quotes: "\201C" "\201D";
        }

        blockquote:after {
        color: #ccc;
        content: close-quote;
        font-size: 4em;
        line-height: 0.1em;
        margin-left: 0.20em;
        vertical-align: -0.4em;
        font-family: Arial;
        quotes: "\201C" "\201D";
        }
        </codeblock>
      </step>
      <step>Save the CSS file.
      </step>
      <step>To preview the styled text in your document, open the HTML file in
      a web browser.
      </step>
      <step>Due to other CSS styling that may be in effect, check that the
        previewed blockquote output:
        <ul>
          <li>Appears distinctively from the body text.</li>
          <li>Is readable against the background.</li>
          <li>Displays curved quotation marks at the beginning and end of the
          quoted text.</li>
          <li>Does not show any visible overlap of components.</li>
      </step>
      <step>If the output does not look meet those guidelines or the apearance
        is not to your satisfication:
        <substeps>
          <substep>Edit values within the blockquote selector of the
          CSS file.
          <info>It is reccommended that you limit edits to one or two values at
          a time so that the changes are easier to manage.
          </substep>
          <substep>Save the CSS file.
          </substep>
          <substep>Preview the HTML document again.
          </substep>
          <substep>Repeat these steps if necessary.
          </substeps>
        <substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
      <p>The HTML output will display blockquotes in the document with surrounding
      quotation marks according to the linked CSS.</p>
    </result>
  </task>
